com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/ItemAddFoldersBinding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.ItemAddFoldersBinding
com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/ItemRightBinding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.ItemRightBinding
com/ravi/foodbook/BR.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.BR
com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/FragmentChatBinding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.FragmentChatBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/AppToolBarBinding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.AppToolBarBinding
com/ravi/foodbook/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.ravi.foodbook.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.ravi.foodbook.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/FragmentPostBinding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.FragmentPostBinding
com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/FragmentCameraBinding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.FragmentCameraBinding
com/ravi/foodbook/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/LayoutchatListIteamBinding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.LayoutchatListIteamBinding
com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/ItemLeftBinding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.ItemLeftBinding
com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/ActivitySignUpBinding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.ActivitySignUpBinding
com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/ActivityChatBinding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.ActivityChatBinding
com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/ravi/foodbook/BuildConfig.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.BuildConfig
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/ActivityLogin2Binding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.ActivityLogin2Binding
com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/ravi/foodbook/databinding/ActivityBottomNavBinding.java
 com.ravi.foodbook.databinding.ActivityBottomNavBinding
